Only schedule MAC commands in class A downlink slots (#3103)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - MAC commands (both requests and reponses) are now only schduled in class A downlink slots in accordance to latest revisions to LoRaWAN specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MAC commands (both requests and responses) are now only scheduled in class A downlink slots in accordance to latest revisions to LoRaWAN specification.
```
